a television program for children made
it's an auspicious debut on station WQED
in Pittsburgh its host Fred Rogers they
take all of elements that make good
television and do the exact opposite you
have mr. Rogers neighborhood low
production values simple set unlikely
star yet it worked I've always felt that
I didn't need to put on a funny hat or
jump through the hoop to have a
relationship with the child he's always
trying to get a message across in every
show a week on death
what does assassination mean a divorce
some people get married and after a
while they're so unhappy that they don't
want to be married anymore
he was radical I know everyone says
everybody was radical they didn't want
black people to come and swim in their
swimming pools by being on the program
was a statement for Fred
my neighborhood was a place where at
times that you felt worried scared
unsafe would take care of you
he had a singular vision of kindness and
love
above is at the root of everything all
learning all relationships love for the
lack of it children have very deep
feelings just the way everybody does
there must be times when you do feel
blue
I'm not feeling blue right now there
won't you be my neighbor
but I suppose it's an invitation it's an
invitation for somebody to be close to
you
[Music]
the greatest thing that we can do is to
help somebody know that they're loved
and capable of loving
well jinkies one in please please won't
you be my neighbor
[Music]